# AnyBURL
This folder contains all the files that are needed or created in connection with experiments with AnyBURL.
Generally speaking, if the folder structure talks about "splits", in this context it means the subdivision into the different sets that are used for cross validation.

## data
This folder contains the datasets on which the experiments are based. After clicking through the folders to a desired dataset, there are four files in this folder: "test.txt" contains the test set and "training.txt" contains the training set. "valid.txt" contains the validation set, which consists of random 10% of the type assignments from the training set. To use the validation set, there is "train_validation.txt" which contains the training set but without the type assignments that are now in the validation set.
The datasets originate in their original and unadapted form from:
"Jain, N., Kalo, J. C., Balke, W. T., & Krestel, R. (2021, June). Do embeddings actually capture knowledge graph semantics?" and "Dumancic, S., García-Durán, A., & Niepert, M. (2018). A comparative study of distributional and symbolic paradigms for relational learning".
In the folder "FB15K-237" there is a file called "Type_assignment.txt", this assigns the types in the test sets and training sets to the real name of the types.

## explanations
The explanations that AnyBURL generates are stored in this folder. In the folder of the corresponding dataset, there are the explanations as AnyBURL generates them for the different splits / experiments and a table that summarizes the explanations and makes them easier to read. The rule in the "Rules" column is always responsible for the prediction of the type of triple from the "Relation" column. The "Confidence" is the confidence of the rule used and "Correct" only assesses whether the prediction made is correct or not.

## predictions
The predictions that AnyBURL generates are stored in this folder. The folder of the corresponding dataset contains the predictions as generated by AnyBURL. 

## results
The results are saved in this folder. The results show the metric selected for the dataset and other information. The data for the results is obtained after the code has been executed in the "code" folder. 

## rules
The rules that AnyBURL generates are stored in this folder. In the folder of the associated dataset, there are the rules as AnyBURL creates them for the different splits / experiments and a table that summarises the rules and displays them with a rank. The rank is sorted according to the confidence of a rule (column "Rank"). If two rules have the same confidence, they also have the same rank. Column "No. Body Groundings" shows the number of times a rule fires and column "No. Correct Body Groundings" shows how often a rule is correct.

## tuning
In this folder, the results of the tuning are stored, which were generated in the course of the improvement attempt of AnyBURL.
The individual columns are the individual setting options (for explanations of the values see 4.2.3 in the bachelor thesis). The first column "Round Number" can be seen as a simple ID. The last column "Measure" always shows the value of the underlying metric. So for the experiments on the FB15k-237 dataset the Weighted F1 Measure is used and for the rest the Accuracy. The default settings are the first entry.


## AnyBURL-JUNO
The application AnyBURL, taken from: https://web.informatik.uni-mannheim.de/AnyBURL/


## config-apply
This is the configuration file which is intended for the manual execution of AnyBURL. This configuration file is for predicting. The values in the configuration file mean the following: "PATH_TRAINING" here the path to the training set must be given; "PATH_TEST" here the path to the associated test set must be given; "PATH_RULES" here the path to the associated learned rules must be given; "PATH_OUTPUT" here the path where the predictions are to be stored must be given; "PATH_EXPLANATION" here the path where the explanations are to be stored must be given. The rest of the values remain unchanged.

## config-apply_tune
This is the configuration file that is intended for tuning (see code) AnyBURL. Only "PATH_TRAINING" and "PATH_TEST" need to be adjusted here, as the rest should be the same by default. If this is not the case, a location should be chosen for the output where it is not a problem that the file is frequently overwritten.

## config-learn
This is the configuration file intended for manual execution of AnyBURL. This configuration file is intended for learning rules. The values in the configuration file mean the following: "PATH_TRAINING" here the path to the training set must be specified; "PATH_OUTPUT" here the path where the learned rules are to be stored must be specified.

## config-learn_tune
This is the configuration file that is intended for tuning (see code) AnyBURL. Only "PATH_TRAINING" must be adjusted here, as the rest should be the same by default. If this is not the case, a location should be chosen for the output of the rules where it is not a problem that the file is frequently overwritten.





